{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green36\blue36;\red36\green36\blue36;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?\

\b0 When I initialize a repository it creates git repository, in order to be able to do anything in git I have to create a repository \
\

\b How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?\

\b0 It is in the area between working directory and the repository gives you time to see if you really want to commit the files. Gives you a second option\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa300

\b \cf2 How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
\b0 \
By doing diff and comparing the staging directory with the working directory. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460

\b \cf2 What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?\

\b0 If e.g. we want to test a feature before implementing it, we can create a branch and if  it\'92s good then we can do it otherwise not. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa300

\b \cf3 \cb4 How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460
\cf2 \cb1 It makes it easier to see how it is connected and see what commits are reachable. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460

\b \cf3 \cb4 What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?\

\b0 You can see all the commits that have been done when merged. don\'92t know \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa300

\b \cf3 What are the pros and cons of Git\'92s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460
\cf2 \cb1 Merges manually\
Pro you can make the decision what to save and not\
Con it takes more time\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa300
\cf2 \
}