{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green36\blue36;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
Well it can help me see where things maybe started to go wrong and see how the program has evolved and how it has effected the program.\'a0\
\'a0\

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
Well it can help me see where things maybe started to go wrong and see how the program has evolved and how it has effected the program.\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in GIT vs having versions automatically saved, like GOOGLE docs does?
\b0 \
It becomes easier to go through the different versions otherwise you have to click through and each and see what the differences are.\'a0\
\
Cons you actually have to make a decision on committing sometimes you might forget that you have done a difference.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460
\cf0 \

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Because in programming it is more common that you\'a0separate the code in different files, since it can be different programming languages . Google docs you usually have all the info in one.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460

\b \cf2 How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
\b0 \cf2 \
By typing git log I can see all the commits that have been done and also what type of change I also receive the id for the file which I later can use with git diff inorder to compare two files and see what changes has been made.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Because by doing version \'a0control I can always go back to a version which actually worked so it is easier to play around and experiment. Make hypothesis and test how it worked.\'a0\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460

\b \cf2 Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you\'a0
\b0 \cf2 \

\b \cf2 want to try using Git for?
\b0 \cf2 \
\
I feel that I want to use Git for a lot of different projects, not only coding but word-processing as well. E.g. writing a blog post and see how I iterate and even business ideas to see how they have changed over the process instead of using. E.g. use business model canvas and add to git and define the changes.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
}